{"Value for money": "4", "month": "October 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "10", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "NCL-LHR-LAX / LAS-LHR-NCL. NCL-LHR A320. Comfortable enough for only a 1hr flight. Crew did a great job serving a full flight in such a short space of time. Overhead bins were full and was a bit tricky finding space. Some passengers had put very small bags overhead and not under seats and refused to take them down, it did seem people have more carry-on than allowed. Took off on time and arrived early, but this meant no stand available for 15mins. LHR-LAX on A380. Paid to get two economy seats on the upper deck together and was worth the money as no stranger next to us, no moving for loo breaks etc. Aircraft excellent, IFE great (games were good, moving maps etc also great), crew superb, food was nice (first meal very good!) and the ice lollies were a great touch, but did think an extra drinks service would have been good. We were close to a galley so easy enough to go and ask for drinks which we did two/three times. Seat was good, but equal space to the earlier A320. Extra bin beside seat was useful. The arm rest doesn't go all the way up which was a bit of a pain. Take off delayed by a fault on the airbridge but arrived on time - takes a while to get off due to number of people. LAS-LHR on a B747. Older aircraft and compared to the brand new A380 it showed Again paid to get two seats together which was worth it. Seat ok but not as comfortable as previous flights, food was ok, IFE was ok but my PTV was off centre so had to watch sideways. Overall just an ok flight. Crew were friendly and didn't hide away all night which normally happens on late flights with other carriers. My only problem was the arm rest didn't go up and when the seat in front of me reclined I couldn't get out. LHR-NCL on a A319. Super quick flight, not 100% full but crew again worked quickly to get everyone drinks and snacks. Arrived 15min early but took a while for bags to come off at NCL.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "S Bramwell"}