{"Value for money": "2", "month": "November 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "2", "Staff Service": "4", "Entertainment": "2", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "LAX/LHR. The flight started badly with the lounge facilities (or lack of) at LAX. There is no First Class lounge anymore \u0096 and worst still its a communal Business/First facility shared by BA, Qantas and Cathay Pacific. Two hours before my flight it was a zoo. Rammed with around 300 passengers from 3 flights. The food and beverages was to a very high standard. There was no separated boarding lines for First passengers. Flight left on time and dinner was an ordinary affair. A poached salmon starter was neither here or there. Luke warm soup. A rather nice, but not exceptional Italian style chicken dish. All served with cheap canteen style cutlery - long gone is the nice silver-plated cutlery they used to offer. Wines were fine. Turn down bed service reminded me of why I don't like the new BA First class seat. The silliest aspect has to be that you either have a seat or a bed \u0096 and no adjustable foot rest. In bed mode and mainly thanks to the design of the centre console housing the table - the bed is to narrow. I am 6 4\u0094 tall and not overweight. It's very awkward and uncomfortable. BA in old first I am sure use to give you a foldable mattress \u0096 now they don't. You get a thin duvet. This makes the bed incredible hard; and during turbulence its a hard, uncomfortable to ride. I don't think I slept more than an hour in the whole flight. The tight confines of the compartment means you have to be a gymnast to get in and out when in bed mode. This fare is sometimes as much as \u00a37,000 \u0096 one way and it's not worth it. What amazes me in the competitive world that BA operate is that they don't seem to look at the competition. They trumpet they are the best and yet they are not. Mind you on the LAX route the only alternative is AA \u0096 and they have little ideas on quality in First Class. When I look at what SIA, Emirates (the best in my view) and Etihad offer BA do not come close. BA often charge more than anyone else for a frequently inferior product. In fact over the last ten years the prices have sky-rocketed and the quality and standards have sky rocketed as well - downwards!", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "Clive V Drake"}