{"Value for money": "4", "month": "November 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "2", "Staff Service": "1", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "Flight out of Krakow to Munich cancelled due to heavy fog. Lufthansa in Krakow put us up in hotel for night, with vouchers for meals. Lufthansa staff at Krakow were great, cannot say the same for the staff in Germany! Re-booked next day to Munich, one hour layover then home to Chicago. Flight next afternoon was late due to incoming plane being late. Thus our one hour window to connect was becoming smaller. Announcements on plane about other connections, but none regarding Chicago. I asked a flight attendant before we landed and she said she knew nothing. We arrived late in Munich, So, the 2 of us and 3 other passengers missed our connecting flight to Chicago by minutes! No one at gate in Munich to assist us. Finally directed to service center, where we waited almost an hour to be re-booked. Re-booked to Frankfurt that night, where we would be given hotel vouchers, then on to Chicago the next day. When we boarded short flight to Frankfurt, the pilot made an announcement that we would be delayed because we were waiting for 7 passengers who were connecting! In Munich, we told rep we wanted to pick up our luggage in Frankfurt. Arriving in Frankfurt, we had to go to Service center again to get our hotel and meal vouchers. He directed us to belt 16, Baggage claim B to get our luggage. We got there, no luggage! Talked to lady at baggage tracing and she told us the bags arrived at A, and since no one was there to claim them they were in a holding cell. She finally made a call and within 10 minutes our bags were there. Frankfurt airport is huge and Lufthansa agents were few and far between, no one seemed to know anything. Classic case of the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing. The clincher is when we boarded our flight to Chicago the next day, we were delayed because a family was detained in immigration! What happened to not being able to hold the plane? Horrible service. Unless Lufthansa is the only airline flying to where I am traveling, I am not using them again. No one seemed to know and much less care.", "air_title": "Lufthansa ", "Customer_name": "K Roberts"}