{"Value for money": "5", "month": "December 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "7", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "AMS-LHR-JNB and CPT-LHR-AMS in club. 767 between Amsterdam and London is just wonderful, Love the front cabin. A380 to JNB. This was a late departure. I could see - from the lounge - the A380 arrive at the stand some 30 minutes prior to boarding, obviously arriving late from another destination and even though it doesn't require a lot of inside-knowledge to see that such a plane can not be 'turned around' in 60 minutes. However, BA did not feel there would be a delay until it called all it's premium passengers from the lounge and had them lined up in 4 separate lanes in front of the counter, then announcing a delay of 15, then 30, then 45 minutes: How to get your most appreciated customers furious, never hear so many complaints on an airline even before the flight started: terrible ground management: not a good start. Upperdeck club seating is absolutely wonderful and this plane is so quiet that you can hear everything. Never realized how much snoring is going on at night, first time I had to use earplugs. Food was just terrible and how BA gets away with having pepper and salt in the cheapest of the cheapest sachets just baffles me. The flight to Jo'burg was obviously done by the more senior crew who have incredible charm, wit and the most entertaining sense of humor. That opposed to the 'new crew' on the way back from Cape Town. Old 747, with spacious seating, all fine. Crew stressed, running all the time, no manners, no sense of class and definitely no sense of humor. Food was slightly better on this long flight, but way below any other European carrier I flew. It was my first time in club on BA, I love the seat, very comfortable for sleeping. There is a lack of space to put your stuff but other than that: a really nice product. BA lounges definitely stand out in the level of catering (food). Transfer at LHR T 5 was quick and easy, but terminal itself is a tacky shopping mall and how - so soon after being delivered as new - half of it was blocked for remodelling. My return to Amsterdam on a new A319 was great. Good breakfast and seating is fine.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "Boone Pieter"}