{"Value for money": "5", "month": "October 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "10", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "I recently flew on British Airways long haul on a flight from Philadelphia to New Delhi havinh not having travelled with British Airway for around a decade. I had been a huge fan of British Airways in the past and was very curious to see how their inflight product and entertainment had changed in that time. I also was curious to see Heathrow's new Terminal 5. British Airway's overall product has improved in that time. On the first leg from Philadelphia to London, I was very happy to notice the new seats with excellent comfort with adjustable headrests and new Audio Video on Demand (AVOD) entertainment systems. I had been travelling with noise cancelling headphones, which made the experience a thoroughly enjoyable one. Inflight entertainment system is sophisticated, and I enjoyed their World music section in particular. The Asian vegetarian meals was of a high standard, for the most part. My only criticism in this area was that on the second meal (breakfast) we only were served a fruit platter and had to ask for the croissants everyone else were given. In addition, I found the chapatis on the Delhi-London sector to be hard as rocks. Otherwise the meals were very good. Terminal 5 is a gem of an airport, but the true highlight of the journey was on the London-Philadelphia sector when I had the opportunity to fly on the Dreamliner. The plane is a marvel. The windows are huge, dimmable by button too. The bathrooms are larger than usual and the flight was very smooth. Additionally the legroom on the Dreamliner is impressive - an improvement on the B777. And finally, a word about the cabin attendants. Their level of friendliness varies from person to person but for the most part they represent the best traditions of British hospitality - informal politeness. All in all, I was happy with my BA trip and they continue to perform as one of my favourite airlines.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "Suhail Shafi"}