{"Value for money": "4", "month": "February 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "4", "Staff Service": "4", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "Flew AMS-LHR-JFK return 26th Dec - 31st Dec. AMS-LHR-AMS on A321, the first thing you notice is the cabin interior. Although clearly an older bird, the new interior has a very comfortable and warm feel to it - yet also modern. Nice and comfy leather seats, leg room just sufficient for flight under say 2 hours. Service is as expected, a quick drink and some nuts (though a sandwich would be nice on a mid-morning flight). They are clearly matching their product with the competition on this route, as free newspapers where available upon boarding, contrary to the intercontinental stretch. LHR-JFK-LHR on B744, totally different experience. Transferring through T5 at LHR easy enough, although I got the feeling they like to control the passenger flow to the max - but hey this is the UK after all. Also BA advertise T5 as like it's one building - not the case. All this was acceptable until we found out we were being directed to a bus gate. They actually board a fully booked B744 through busses with one stairway and door available for the entire plane. Given all the 788's completely cold and dark occupying the airbridges, I felt this was totally unnecessary. Turned out to be a very dated 744 with mostly Club World and First seats, as the economy plus and economy consisted of only 2 cabin sections together, rest of the plane premium product. How to lose your premium clientele at warp speed. Prime example! Service on board was nice enough, food pretty ok and plenty of drinks to choose from. Seats dated and sometimes broken - my adjustable headrest would adjust, only to slide back down slowly, same problem on both sectors. IFE, well just bring your own tablet. So dated it's just not worth switching on. The cabin crew made the difference though, on all sectors they were welcoming, friendly yet professional and very helpful. Arriving early morning from JFK, of course, we parked at a hard stand. Waited our turn for 20+ minutes in a non ventilated cabin to get in the bus, with only one exit in use. BA, this is not acceptable. Disembarking a commuter plane up to 100 pax with buses, well ok. But a fully loaded 744? Come on.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "M Gents"}