{"Value for money": "5", "month": "January 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "10", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "5", "reviews": "MAN-LHR-LAX. Flew Christmas day from Manchester to LAX via Heathrow using Virgin's 'Little Red' service to Heathrow then onto LA using ANZ's premium economy 'spaceseat' product. Check in at Manchester terminal 3 was quick and painless, our bags were checked in by Virgin and went through to LAX even though our main flight was with ANZ. After arriving at Heathrow and checking our gate number it was time to board. I find that ANZ excel in this area in PE. We were boarded as priority passengers right after business class. In their PE cabin its essentially just economy with extra legroom whereas I find ANZ really do differentiate with their premium customers. Onto the plane and as always its spotless, I am always impressed at the friendliness of the cabin crew and the spaceseat itself. Yes this seat does not fully recline but this is not a business class cabin and more importantly is not a business class price! After a smooth take off and tasty dinner (both my partner and I opted for the lamb and it was very tasty) it was time for a few glasses of wine before they dimmed the cabin lights. I have seen comments that say drinks can take a while using the touch screen service. I usually just go and get my own drinks, in this case the flight attendants are more than happy to let you pick anything you want. So a few glasses of wine later and a decent sleep and the cabin lights are slowly brought back up to full before breakfast is served. Finally we arrive into LAX 30 mins ahead of schedule. Once through immigration our bags are already waiting for us as they are labelled 'priority' and so are one of the first off the conveyor. If you are expecting a business class seat (i.e fully flat) then ANZ's 'space seat' isn't for you, however neither is the price. I paid just over $1600 for my return ticket and at that price this flight was an absolute bargain. Compared to anything else that's out there the ANZ's premium economy cabin is head and shoulders above its competition both in terms of the product itself and the quality of its staff. Its just a shame they don't fly to more destinations as I believe the only thing keeping BA in business is their routes, it certainly isn't their service based upon my last trip in PE with them. If you are taking the long flight from the UK to LAX and have a few extra dollars to spare then go for this flight, it makes an unbearable experience (11 hours in a metal tube) actually pretty fun!", "air_title": "Air New Zealand ", "Customer_name": "Mark Gibson"}