{"Value for money": "3", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "7", "Staff Service": "4", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "Washington (IAD) to Heathrow on Christmas Day, returning January 5th. I find myself nodding in agreement to many of the reviews written here by other passengers regarding the slippage in standards of BA, especially considering what they once were. Having arrived at Dulles in good time to check in, there were paper notices on the desk to say that check in would not open 'til 5.00 pm. Okay, it was Christmas Day, but all other carriers, both domestic and international, were open (the airport was busy), and I, along with other passengers, had to sit and wait for 1.5 hrs until staff arrived. The same was true of the lounge which, having made it through security, was not open 'til 6.30 pm. Again, the other airline lounges were open. Having eventually gained access, the lounge was great, and the bar and dinner service (I was on a sleeper flight) were very good with plentiful drinks and fine food. We boarded on time and my seat was upstairs on the A380. This aircraft is, of course, huge, but the Club World seat is, as many have noted, much less comfortable than the Boeing 777 or 747. It is narrower and, whilst okay for seating, very hard and difficult to find the right position for sleeping. BA seem to have missed a great opportunity here to do something really special along the lines of some of the Asian carriers. The crew were very good - friendly and attentive. Breakfast before we landed was very average. The bacon rolls were dried out and are always a challenge to eat. Yoghurt and fruit were the alternatives, which I went for. Check in for the return journey was lamentable at Heathrow Terminal 5. Dedicated Club World positions had queues around ten people deep, and moved terribly slowly. Not all the positions were open, and passengers were visibly irritated. The journey, other than the cramped seat issue again, was fine, with another good crew and food and drinks. I have always recommended BA to friends and would like to keep doing so, but feel that, especially given the high and rising cost of paying for Club these days, BA need to adopt a slightly less 'take' attitude and give a little more, especially when it comes to spending Avios, which they are very keen for one to accrue but reticent to allow one to use.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "S Morley"}