{"Value for money": "1", "month": "March 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "1", "Staff Service": "1", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "Travelled from London to Auckland. Having lived in London for the last 11 years, I was on a flight moving back to New Zealand permanently. Flew with Singapore Airlines on SQ317 from London to Singapore and had excellent service the whole way. The flight attendants were friendly, food was served quickly and was delicious, trays were removed quickly and we were constantly provided refreshments. At the beginning of the flight, my sister was having problems with her entertainment console, so the attendant offered to re-boot the system. it was done immediately and they checked after a couple of minutes that it was working. It happened a couple of times during the flights, so the attendant gave her a voucher to use towards a duty free item, which was a very kind gesture. However, our onwards flight from Singapore to Auckland was extremely disappointing and one of the worst long haul flights I have been on. Most of the flight attendants were very friendly (I did hear one tell a traveller that they couldn't fix their console as they were about to serve food, which seemed very unhelpful) however their service was extremely lacking. Shortly after taking off, we discovered that our entertainment consoles were not working properly, but either continually freezing or losing sound. We pressed the buzzer for a flight attendant but after waiting 10 mins and watching them walk past us a couple of times, we had to ask them in person for assistance. Rather than offer to re-boot the consoles, as Singapore Airlines had done, we were informed that they had been aware of the problem in Singapore but were unable to fix it until they got to Auckland. For a passenger on a 9 hour flight who has already travelled on a 12 hour flight just beforehand, this was very disappointing news. We were both transferred to other seats (seated separately) however the cabin was so cold further forward, that I ended up returning to my original seat. The service and quality of the food was also very disappointing. The chicken dinner we were served was very salty and the breakfast omelette was rubbery. The chicken sausage accompanying it was inedible. The attendants were also extremely slow with clearing the trays, in comparison to Singapore Airlines. My sister is has Gold airpoints status, so we had priority labels on our luggage, however we were one of the last to get our luggage upon arrival in Auckland. Overall, it was an extremely disappointing and frustrating flight. Like others who have placed reviews recently, I will be very hesitant to fly Air New Zealand internationally in the future.", "air_title": "Air New Zealand ", "Customer_name": "A Macindoe"}