{"Value for money": "4", "month": "March 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "5", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "London-Cochin-London, 16/02 and 1 internal rtn flight Cochin-Mumbai-Cochin, 24/02. No issues at all with the internal flight - left on time and excellent crew. International flight both outbound and inbound was well below what we have become used to with Jet. We were sat at the back in the 2 seat config this time giving me a little extra room to stretch out 1 leg where the 3rd seat would have been. Seat pretty comfy. Staff were very low quality! On way out as boarding was occurring an argument broke out between two passengers - 4 crew stood around like spare parts whilst the passengers argument got more and more heated. Rather than take control of the situation to ensure comfort of all passengers they just stood there looking very lost. Totally and utterly useless! Service through the outbound flight was perfunctory at best and you got the impression any passenger awake they viewed as an inconvenience rather than someone contributing to their wages. The look I had when asking for a coffee mid flight said it all. Food was pretty good on outbound and return flight. On the return flight the staff were marginally better but not a lot. Again you got the impression we were an inconvenience simply being on the flight! Requests for more coffee or snacks was met with the look of \"oh if you must!\" They need to allow the volume to go higher to block out ambient background cabin noise! I wasn't using their own headsets, having learnt before they are tinny, ultra quiet and liable to fall apart, but my own set and even with the volume on mine set to high with volume on entertainment unit set to high you could still hear much of the noise on the aircraft, well other than the PA announcements which came through at a deafening level! In total contrast the staff on the internal flight were the polar opposite, friendly, welcoming, humorous and did their level best to ensure a great flight and for them nothing was too much trouble. This is how Jet was on all their flights previously and this was quality of service combined with stunning value. The value Jet offers is very good on ticketing prices, the inflight entertainment is pretty good and the food better than some - but their staff are really becoming budget Ryanair type staff. I'll still fly Jet on our next trip to India but if the service is the same or worse then I'd rather pay more for a ticket to get full value and quality.", "air_title": "Jet Airways ", "Customer_name": "M Ollosson"}