{"Value for money": "5", "month": "September 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "10", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "5", "reviews": "Over the past few months, I have done long haul return flights in Premium Economy on Qantas, Cathay and British Airways and Business Class on Singapore Airlines. I was flying from Sydney to San Francisco (via Auckland and LA) and the flight segment yesterday in Air New Zealand Premium Economy (space seats) from Auckland to Los Angeles was vastly better than all the other airline's Premium Economy. The seats are wonderfully designed, spacious and comfortable with ample surrounding space. I loved the large pillow and even got a second one for extra comfort. In fact (even though the seats don't lie flat) the whole premium economy cabin with mood lighting and great layout looked better than the business class cabin. The toilet area was huge, always spotless and I loved the whimsical 'bookcase'! The amenity pack was welcome with Clarins creams and cute stripy socks and eye mask with funny message on it. The entertainment selection (with noise cancelling headphones) was huge - really something for everyone - and a big screen with multiple angles for comfortable viewing. The service from 2 male flight attendants was outstanding and the meals were absolutely delicious by any (not just airline) standard. I think the food is the same as in Business Class - for dinner I had figs, olives and proscuiito as a starter, salmon in a crust with bean puree and spinach, lemon tart, camomile tea and chocolates (with sparkling wine and NZ Shiraz), breakfast was muesli with yoghurt, cheese and mushroom omelette with tomato concasse, coffee etc. I have often flown business and first class on other airlines - I can honestly say that if I could fly to all the destination I need to go on Air NZ Premium Economy (space seats) it would always be my first choice. A superb product.", "air_title": "Air New Zealand ", "Customer_name": "Tennant Vicki"}