{"Value for money": "5", "month": "October 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "9", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "I travelled to Hong Kong with British Airways from Heathrow on a 777-200 outbound and one of their new A380's on the way back, both in World Traveller. It had been a long time since I had travelled with BA (18 years!) but it was one of my better flying experiences. I didn't know what to expect this time round but the seats had plenty of leg room on the 777 on the way out. I was annoyed as I was told to pull my window blind down as other people were sleeping, although I had specifically asked for the window seat for a reason. However the crew were great and asked if I'd like to look out of the window by the jump seat, which I did for a good few hours! Not only that, the crew called the flight crew and the co-pilot walked to the back of the plane to have a chat with me and gave me a map with all the points of interest highlighted with the times we would be above them! Airlines don't have to spend any money to truly satisfy passengers. The seat on the 777 was quite comfortable and the IFE had plenty of selection. The food was good, not dried out and it was tasty. All the toilets were operational and were clean. On the way back I was upstairs on the A380. The aircraft was extremely clean, comfortable and the A380 was ever so quiet in all areas of the flight which really surprised me. I really loved the 'seat locker' next to my window seat which easily fitted the contents of my hand luggage. Food was good again and the crew were again amazing allowing me to visit the flight deck after the flight had safely arrived at Heathrow. Toilets were clean and tody and all operational and the IFE was good. Leg room was good. The only thing I would say is that the IFE does take up a lot of space under the seat meaning that hand luggage cannot really be stored there and it can get in the way of your feet.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "M Richards"}