{"Value for money": "1", "month": "December 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "5", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "2", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "LHR-SFO - Club World. I find myself nodding to the negative yet factual feedbacks of others regarding BA's premium products. Online check in and boarding were smooth and uneventful. That is it! Whoever designed the club world seat needs to have their head examined. The board that signed off on the product should be fired! The seat was narrowed with no space to put your drinks without lowering the dining table. That is just plain stupid. Having to step over another pax to get out of your seat (if seated in window) is another stupid concept! The design offers absolutely no privacy if seated in the aisle. The food was okay nothing to brag about and definitely not at the level expected to see in premium class (compared to the likes of Air France or Lufthansa). Entertainment selection were poor but better than KLM and the screen not of good size. Fly crews were ok. I ordered the beef and the pax next to me did the same. Even though my order was first, my neighbour got the last order. Fair enough, ended up with Turkey roulade, was ok. The crews were apologetic but not attentive. Having flew other carriers I can honestly say theirs little enthusiasm shown by the crew, which is a shame. Had an opportunity to look at the 1st class menu. To be frank, any carrier who does not offer caviar's in its first class cabin in my view is out with the time. Making this observation because in 2 months I will be travelling to Mexico and the price comparison between Lufthansa and BA are not far apart (former slightly less) but I suspect flying Lufthansa is likely to be more enjoyable than BA based on the experienced of this journey. Will see if the return flight might tilt the view to the (+). I would not pay the published C or F class fares on BA. The product line does not equate to the price. BA was the Waitrose and is now between Tesco or ASDA.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "D Choy"}