{"Value for money": "1", "month": "March 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "1", "Staff Service": "1", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "We arrived at Wellington airport on 1st March 2015 for our return flight at about 1pm for flight NZ849 due to depart at 3.45 pm with a check-in time of 2.15 pm. We had booked and paid for this flight on 14th August 2014. Normal check-in procedures did not work and we were advised that the flight had a weight problem and we should check back at 2.30. We advised that we would miss a medical appointment made 4 months previously if we did not catch the flight. When we checked back we were advised that we could not go as the plane had a weight issue. Our luggage was not weighed at any time prior to this, and was about half of the allowed weight. If the issue really was one of weight then Air New Zealand is obviously incapable of flying with the baggage allowances that it has set, and if passengers with half that allowance are denied access to a flight booked over 6 months previously then they should look at a fairer way of deciding exactly who they will allow on planes. It would seem that this was just an excuse, and I strongly suspect that the real issue was that Air New Zealand had over-booked the flight, and the issue was one of seating on the plane. If this is indeed the case then it would have been better to have been told this from the outset instead of being jerked around by being told to return at 2.30 pm. Air New Zealand did arrange for alternative travel the next day, and they did arrange for overnight accommodation with meals (but no drinks at all, including non-alcoholic drinks, and the meal allowance for dinner was only sufficient for the main course without either entree or dessert). They also provided both of us with $300 travel vouchers with them, but we feel that being lied to and treated in a shoddy manner once by a company is unfortunate: to give that company the opportunity of doing it again is stupidity.", "air_title": "Air New Zealand ", "Customer_name": "Berry Keith"}