{"Value for money": "2", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "4", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "LIS-LHR-VIE on Dec. 8, both legs on an Airbus 320 in Club Europe (Business Class) - both legs on time, seats were Economy seats with the middle seat left unsold and featuring the new slim seats which are less comfortable and have a reduced seat pitch \u0096 Check-in in LIS was handled by rather surly agents, which was untypical for an otherwise friendly airport, but Business class waiting lines were very short, so overall it was OK. LIS-LHR leg was with a rather lacklustre and inattentive European fleet crew, after the initial service of food and drinks further service consisted of clearing the dishes and on board sales. Other than that Business class flight attendants were behind the curtain reading magazines, chatting and rather attending to themselves than the passengers. At 11 am, the Business Class food served was a plate cold cuts, a roll and three thin slices of fruit (basically a make yourself sandwich on a plate). Extremely disappointing and poor for a lunch flight scheduled to arrive in Heathrow after 1 pm. On the LHR-VIE leg service was\u0093afternoon tea\u0094meaning again sandwiches. However this time at least it was more appropriate due to time of day. Full bar service on both flights and the French white wine served was ok. The mixed fleet crew on the second leg was more interested in its job and up to BA standards regarding friendliness and attentiveness. Transfer procedures in LHR Terminal 3 were fast and friendly, even the extra security checks required for all transfers at LHR (even Intra-EU) were hassle free and easy. BA\u0092s Galleries Lounge in LHR T3 was again an oasis of rest amid a busy airport; comfortable with excellent drink selection and decent food selection, including several good warm choices, such as various curries. In Lisbon Portela BA uses the shared Blue Lounge which is small and offerings are rather limited; some limited snacks, ok drinks, but at least good Nespresso coffee. Although small, it was not crowded, which is a plus. So, BA delivered a good basic product for economy standards, but I fail to see any real Business Class service offered here (not seat wise, not meal wise, not service wise). The only saving grace was the Galleries Lounge in Heathrow T3 and the better service on the LHR-VIE leg. Not recommended for Business Class within Europe based on this experience. (Oneworld Sapphire).", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "R Simon"}