{"Value for money": "4", "month": "August 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "5", "reviews": "Flying home from Nadi to Auckland, with a connecting flight to Kerikeri, as we live in the Far North. On arrival at Nadi Airport we were told the plane had been upgraded from a 777 to a 747, which was the first clue to a problem, as that is a much larger plane. Boarding time was 1.30pm, and that came with the announcement to board, so we waited at the appropriate gate, and then everyone disappeared, and then the announcement that there was going to be a delay. An hour delay as it turned out. Not sure why we were not told earlier about this as someone would have known, but we weren't. At that time we knew we would miss our connecting flight, which was the last one for that day. The steward on the plane came round to people with connecting flights to try to help us, and he said that we should make it no problems, and if not they could put us on a flight to Whangarei, not sure how as there were none to Whangarei that day, and there was no way of making that last flight as by the time you have collected your baggage (we were waiting for bags at precisely the time our connecting flight took off), and got through customs, there was no chance. So we were put up for the night and booked on a flight the next day to Kerikeri, but when we got to the airport the next day someone had decided to take us off that flight! The flight itself was good, food was good, although the drinks cart was way behind the food arriving. Staff were pleasant, except for the false information, and this plane had plenty of room. Air New Zealand is usually good to fly with, and yes things can go wrong. But lack of communication and competence of some staff, really made for a terrible end to a great holiday. I would say I would never fly them again, but we don't have many choices in New Zealand and they are really the lesser of the other evils!", "air_title": "Air New Zealand ", "Customer_name": "Taylor Sue"}