{"Value for money": "4", "month": "September 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "VIE-LHR-LIS on Sep 18, both legs on an Airbus 320 in Club Europe (Business Class), both legs on time or almost on time with an excellent crew (as most times with BA). Transfer procedures in LHR Terminal 3 were fast and friendly, even the extra security checks required for all transfers at LHR (even Intra-EU) were hassle free and easy. The scheduled layover was a rather long 3 hours. BAs Galleries Lounge in LHR T3 was also comfortable with excellent drink selection and quite good food selection. I fly the VIE-LIS route regularly and surprisingly transferring at LHR is superior to most alternatives on the VIE-LIS route (especially to the more common alternatives FRA, CDG, and even AMS and BRU), with the possible exception of ZRH, so taking BA via LHR is a really good alternative, if the direct TP flight is not an option, for whatever reason. The only, negative I have to say, that both flights featured the new BA slim seats, which are really a huge step back in comfort compared to the old seating. Seats in Club Europe are economy seats with limited seat pitch and the middle seat left empty. Its just like flying with Star Alliance with their uncomfortable Recaro slim seats. Catering on the VIE-LHR was afternoon tea, which is BAs weakest Club Europe service, with bland sandwiches and acceptable scones. Even their Chicken Tikka sandwiches in economy are better, but they have full bar service and brilliant, attentive FA\u0092s, so I believe BA is still one of best options to fly within Europe. Catering on the second leg was a good prawn salad (or a chicken dish). However, my luggage did not make it to LIS that day, which was an unwelcome and unexpected surprise after the long layover in Heathrow. But, the issue was handled well, fast and friendly by Groundforce, the company who does the luggage handling for BA in LIS and I received my luggage without any further hassles the next morning. Not a perfect score due BA\u0092s new seating, the delayed luggage and the VIE-LHR catering, but still pretty good service. As a side note VIE airport is getting worse and worse. Long lines at security with only two of the available four lines open. BA uses a shared lounge in VIE, which was overcrowded with basically not a seat available to sit down and limited food service. But at least BA uses the old terminal which is still far superior to the new skylink terminal used by Star Alliance, which really is a show piece how not to design a new terminal.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "R Simon"}