{"Value for money": "4", "month": "November 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "4", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "2", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "We travelled economy from Manchester to Toronto via Heathrow, The flight from Manchester to Heathrow and return was very good. The seats had plenty of room and it was easy to fit laptop size briefcases under the seat in front and still have room to stretch your legs. The service from the cabin crew was excellent. The leg from Heathrow to Toronto was not as comfortable but it was acceptable. The seats appeared narrower and my case only just fit under the seat leaving little room to stretch my legs. Whilst the cabin crew forgot requests for drinks they apologised and were very friendly and helpful in other aspects. Unfortunately BA were let down by the attendants on the return leg from Toronto to Heathrow. Whilst the aircraft appeared newer and more comfortable I have never experienced such surly behaviour from the cabin crew. We had seen attendants in the opposite aisle offering passengers water from trays they were carrying but the attendants down our aisle did not do this. The lady in the seat next to me asked for a glass of water before take off. The steward was quite off hand and said he would bring her one in a minute. He did not do this and when she asked again she was told in a very rude manner that take off procedures took priority otherwise non of us were going anywhere. Even after take off she had to ask again. When they served dinner my daughter did not want a meal but she asked if she could just have the bottle of water that was served with it. The steward said that if she did not want the meal she could not have the water but that he would bring her some in a glass later. This had not appeared by the time I had finished eating my meal so I gave her the bottle from mine (My daughter has a medical condition that requires her to drink water frequently throughout the day) Shortly before landing we were served a muffin and a drink. The passengers on the other aisle were served about 15 mins earlier and they were handed paper napkins and cutlery whilst, when we were served, we were simply handed the muffin wrapped in cellophane but no plate or napkin to catch the crumbs. I asked for a glass of orange and a tea (as I had not drunk anything on the 6 hour flight). The attendant scowled at me and then gave me half a glass of orange and half a cup of tea (which was cold|) I did not see the attendants down our aisle smile at a customer once throughout the whole journey.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "V Carrapiett"}