{"Value for money": "5", "month": "August 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "Flew London Heathrow (LHR) to Larnaca (LCA) via Munich (MUC) on 22/07/2014 in economy. Used the refurbished T2 at LHR for the first time as this is Star Alliance's new gateway at LHR. Check in process was chaotic. 4 other Star Alliance flights (an earlier DLH, a Brussels Airlines flight, an Austrian flight and a LOT flight) also checking in at the same time in the 2 check in areas open. Absolutely dreadful system. Passengers at risk of missing their flight being constantly pulled out of the snaking queue system and fast tracked to check-in. LHR Star Alliance handling agent staff at check-in/boarding gate seemed to be in a bad mood and were minimally communicative if they bothered to reply to you at all. LHR to MUC on A320. Airbridge was 'out of order' so had to walk to aircraft. On board: nice clean plane. Friendly cabin crew. Excellent English language skills from both cabin and flight deck staff. 40 minute delay leaving LHR (20 mins due to broken airbridge and then another 20 mins in the queue on the taxi-way waiting for our turn to commence the take off roll). On time departure from MUC. A321. Airbridge available. Clean plane though looked a bit more worn than our earlier A320. Again, friendly cabin crew. Excellent English language skills from both cabin and flight deck crew though announcements from flight deck were quite muffled and difficult to understand. Catering fine on both sectors. No IFE on either sector. Seats: typical uncomfortable Airbus minimally padded, utilitarian economy seats. Leg room just about enough for a 176cm height person. Happy to recommend Lufthansa though their check-in arrangements at LHR need serious review. The staff service rating applies to aircraft staff. Their LHR ground handling agent's staff would score a zero.", "air_title": "Lufthansa ", "Customer_name": "Robert Marshall"}