{"Value for money": "1", "month": "March 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "2", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "I have to admit to not being a fan of the BA Club World (Business Class) configuration but this is what our travel agent came up with for our direct flight. Seating you head to toe allows them to get in 8 seats across compared to their competitors normal 7. On my flight, 11 rows this gave them 11 extra seats, good for the bean counters but can cause problems for the passengers. On my flight from MLE to LGW, 10hrs 35 minutes I was in 11B facing forward, and in the bed position my feet were on a drop down stool fixed to the back of 10B. The passenger in 10A, facing back had to step over my legs to exit their seat and kicked me a number of times as they did this during the long flight. It is illegal to drink alcohol in the airport in Male and so after take off I was looking forward to a cold lager. The drinks trolley came but all the beer, including the lager was warm. The FA said that they had no means of cooling the lager on board. I cannot drink warm lager and I am not a spirit drinker and so went without. I have asked BA if the drinks trolley was left out in the sun prior to loading but they have not replied. I settled down to watch a film but my entertainment system would work for about 15 minutes and then shut itself down. No entertainment system and I then found that some of the adjustment buttons on the seat did not appear to be working, so it was either sitting up or lying down and risk being kicked. There were 2 meal services on the flight. The first one was OK, but when it came to the second one when they got to me, last row in the cabin they had run out of food and all they could offer me was a salad. Not the best flight in the world and when we arrived at LGW all the economy bags came off first and the Club bags with \"priority\" tags attached, came off last. BA have given me 20000 Avios but I find them almost impossible to use. BA claimed to be \"The Worlds Favorite Airline\". They are not mine. They also clam \"To Fly, To Serve\". Well, as they say, they did fly me from MLE to LGW but I am not quite sure where the service came in. My wife and I are flying to LA in May and we are using Virgin, they cannot be any worse and they are already ahead as, unlike BA they did not charge to reserve seats.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "J Bryant"}