{"Value for money": "1", "month": "December 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "1", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "Washington - LHR. We arrived early for our 18.30 departure as we intended eating in the new BA Executive lounge. It is about two months old and is a very good set up indeed. Plenty of seating that is well spread out and comfortable. The food was plentiful, freshly cooked, both varied and tasty. No complaints so far. We were seated in the two most forward seats on the upper deck of the A380. Seats 50A and 50B. I was happy facing my wife - but really would not be happy to be staring at a stranger for a longish flight. I hope this weird seating design is changed in the near future. It was the so called latest Club World seat in a rather gloomy grey colour. In fact the whole cabin ambiance is different tones of grey. It has been some time since I have flown Club - the last being on a 777 to Antigua in 2010. I am absolutely sure this \"new\" seat is smaller. We pushed back on time and as soon as the lights dimmed I, well put it this way, tried to get some sleep. It was a horrendous experience. In 35 years of aviation travel I have completed hundreds of flights and this was by far the worse - ever ! I simply could not get comfortable and drift off to sleep. The temperature was fine. Noise level was minimal. The \"bed\" was rock hard. To narrow. To short. The seat controls were fiddly and not user friendly. I arrived into LHR without so much as 15 minutes of sleep. I had no difficulty in sleeping on the 777 Club product - and back then I was 20 kilos heavier. This product is not cheap (On some sectors its as high as \u00a37,000 return) - although we purchased our tickets on Avios - with a 1st Class outbound and Club return. The saving grace was a strong tail wind that shot us across the pond in 6.5 hours. I couldn't wait to get off.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "Clive V Drake"}