{"Value for money": "1", "month": "October 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "1", "Staff Service": "1", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "BA176 JFK to Heathrow 13 October 2014. The outward flight had been so awful so the return surely could not be any worse. How wrong I was. Arrived at business check-in at JFK terminal 7. No staff at desk. Boarding pass printed at machine, but had to wait nearly twenty minutes to check luggage. Agent was rude and unhelpful. Onto the BA lounge. Sagging shabby seats and no food except crisps. On asking the receptionist where the food was, I was told passengers normally use the much advertised \"pre-boarding supper\" facility. Asked when this opened and was told it was not operating. Eventually, some badly cut sandwiches and lumps of cheese with crackers appeared. No hot food was available. Two hours before departure, the flight was posted as four minutes late. No further information was posted. When I asked for an update thirty minutes before scheduled take-off, I was told there would be an announcement shortly. Eventually a barely audible announcement came that the plane was now boarding. The departures board had not been updated, so premium passengers were forced to shuffle along with those in the main cabin. Onboard, after presenting my boarding pass I was given a grunted down there, with no indication as to which side of the plane I was seated. On reflection, late boarding may have been a blessing. I lost count of the times I was knocked by oversized and heavy hand luggage. Eventually the safety demonstration was played on the IFE system. The sound was inaudible. Surely a safety hazard. Similarly, all announcements from the cockpit went unheard. We took off one hour and fifteen minutes late, with no explanation given for the delay. The wine selection was very limited on the flight, as was the menu, two choices of main course, and only one dessert - I asked if I could have the advertised ice cream snack for desert, to be told there was none on board. Food was barely edible. Service was poor. The cabin crew seemed intent on throwing trays round as fast as possible. My salad was served with desert (which I did not want) on the tray. The main course was overcooked beef near raw vegetables. I was made to feel a nuisance when I asked for a second glass of wine. The narrow seat converted to a narrow and not very comfortable bed. Other carriers provide mattresses and duvets. BA seem to think a tacky blanket will do. The whole service has been downgraded to the standards I would expect in economy class. The nicieties that used to mark business flights have been lost in the pursuit of profit. Given that BA charge far more that their competitors for this route, I was thoroughly disappointed. I will not use any BA flight again if there is an alternative available.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "S Shailes"}