{"Value for money": "3", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "2", "Staff Service": "1", "Entertainment": "2", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "Just back from a fantastic 2.5 week trip to Thailand flying to and from Bangkok with BA on 777 aircraft. I definitely would choose another airline next time. We flew out on 31st December 2014 and the crew were surly and inattentive. Asking for a drink seemed as if it was really putting them out. One of the crew swore when communicating with her colleague during the drinks service within ear shot of us. Outbound they run out of the the meal choice for both very small meals by the time they reached us so we had to had the veggie option. For most of the flight the crew were camped in the galley at the back seemingly having a party with colleagues whether working or not so you felt it was a imposition to ask for water or snacks. My inflight entertainment system had streaks all across which couldn't be rubbed off making the movies very hard to see. Return flight crew on 16th Jan were much less surly but again conspicuous by their absence meaning you had to try and wade through the party at the back to try and get water or snacks during the flight. Two passengers were flicking raisins about the cabin onto other passengers which might have been spotted had the cabin crew had more of a presence. The inflight entertainment system had major issues which meant it didn't work on demand making it hard to plan viewing of movies. Again, 2 very small meals at the either end of a 13 hr flight with very limited options for snacks in between. One staff member said they had very little left then allowed a passenger to grab about 5 packets for herself. Tray table was broken in seat 27b also. The crew said as it was an early flight they knew we all wanted to sleep but the flight left just before midday so not what I call a night flight. I used to love flying BA as have always been impressed with their service in the past but now the planes and the crew seem tired and I am sorry to say neither my partner or I enjoyed the experience. Will look to EVA, Thai or one of the Middle Eastern airlines next time.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "K Hindle"}