{"Value for money": "1", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "1", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "SYD-AKL. I was booked in business class on a late afternoon flight. I was informed by the airline that there had been a change and the flight no longer offered business class. Instead I was offered something called World Deluxe Service which is ridiculous and expensive for what it is. Basically, it is a fully economy A320 aircraft where the first two rows only use two of the three seats. Essentially someone sits in 1A and 1C, but they don't sell 1B. You also get lounge access and the onboard economy meal. I actually had to argue with the booking agent that I was entitled to money back. I had to explain that I had purchased a business class ticket (for myself, wife and son) and now that they no longer provided me with business class they actually owed me money. Eventually they relented. The aircraft was absolutely disgusting. It was ancient (or looked ancient). My family was in 1A, 1C and 1D (no one was in 1F or in row two at all). There was no divider wall in front of row one so I had to privilege of basically sitting in the galley for three hours watching the flight attendants work. My son was seated in 1C, but I had to move him because \"he was too young for an exit row\". Since when is row one an exit row? We were sitting opposite two flight attendants. Wouldn't they operate the door in an emergency? Where they expecting my 9 year old to do it? Air New Zealand's seat selection system is the worst. It is time for the IT department to let you pick specific seats for each passenger, instead of picking a block of seats for you. The seats on this aircraft had perhaps a millimetre of recline. It was one of the most uncomfortable flights I have never been on. The entertainment system worked poorly and my son's did not work at all. The only positive is that the Air New Zealand staff are perhaps the nicest people anywhere. I have never had anything but truly outstanding service from the cabin crew on all of my flights with them over the years, and this flight was no exception.", "air_title": "Air New Zealand ", "Customer_name": "H Salzberg"}