{"Value for money": "1", "month": "October 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "2", "Staff Service": "1", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "BA038 PEK to LHR 28-09-14 Business Class B747-400. First time I have flown BA long haul and in view of the many unhappy travellers on this site - I was keen to see for myself. I can honestly say I have never experienced such a dreadful flight. Antiquated and filthy plane is an experience I would never want to make again. The seating in Business class downstairs is a disgrace I was unlucky enough to have the aisle seat 17G which turned in to a flat bed, so narrow my body and I am small was over the main aisle when asleep being continuously bumped and pushed. Absolutely no privacy in this seat and every one coming out of the toilet and standing and waiting the kitchen area could see my every move. Completely unacceptable. No mattress and only a small blanket. There is nowhere to put even a pair of glasses or a bottle of water once the tray table was put up (necessary to sleep). To get to the centre seats where my husband was - a dirty plastic \u0091window\u0092 had to be slid down and hot beverages and food had to be passed across the whole time encroaching on my personal space (what there was of it.) My husband said the middle seats trapped passengers in and getting out involved stepping over people. Extremely difficult for short people. The whole design of the business class seats is very uncomfortable and seriously flawed. The food was badly presented and unappetising. The PA system from the flight deck was inaudible I could not hear the Captain in the pre flight information announcement The other issue was a very mediocre in flight entertainment system, which took an hour to get going, and even the flight tracking information was not available for the whole flight. They weren\u0092t overly concerned just superficial apologies. The toilets were filthy and grimy. The floor edges and all around the basin area where bits were falling off were thick with dirty grease. I looked into the galley and that too including the floors and edges of preparation benches was full of grime. Total disgrace. The Cabin Crew seemed in a state of disorganised chaos having a great view of seeing it all from my seat. Very little contact with passengers other than rather arrogant looks all round. Needless to say I will never travel BA long haul again. They need to get on to an Emirates Airline and see how it should be done. As a regular long-haul traveller on Emirates the difference between these companies is indisputable. Perhaps the so-called \u0091loyal\u0092 BA customers have never been on a Emirates flight to compare the difference.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "Jane Jasper"}