{"Value for money": "2", "month": "October 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "5", "reviews": "Aberdeen-Heathrow-Miami and return World Traveller Plus (premium economy). Received a text from BA at 0600 that our 09:30 ABZ-LHR flight had been cancelled which would impact upon the US flight. Phoned the helpline as suggested. Utterly useless options provided by their staff which was weighted towards a ticket refund - no use for a family holiday. Made unsuitable suggestions including can you get to Aberdeen for the 7:30 flight (it was 7am and had now spent 1hr on phone to them). Gave up and just went to the airport. Fortunately BA staff there were excellent and got me on next flight to Heathrow despite breaching their own min of 1 hour requirement for connections. Flight to London was good, with good service, leather seats. Cabin crew facilitated us getting off plane first and BA staff member met us to get us to next gate ASAP for Miami flight. Service centre useless but face to face staff great. LHR-MIA flight. Aircraft, a 747, was old and tatty and WT+ seats were rubbish in comparison to Virgin product that I have experienced. Not that comfortable. Seat back TV is same as economy namely 4\" across, tiny but selection was ok, and seats are fabric and didn't seem that much better than economy. Food (beef) was outstanding for aircraft food. Staff were pretty good. Aircraft on time. Return journey much the same but staff were better. Conclusion is that face to face staff great, food great. But needs a modern fleet - our 747 was really aged and their world traveller plus product needs work, with hindsight probably would have just travelled economy as leg room wasn't that much more. If you take a iPad to watch movies and are not tall economy would do the job. Their helpline needs to be addressed. Clue being in the title - HELPline. Would fly BA again but would think about their WT+ option carefully.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "John Ritchie"}