{"Value for money": "3", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "2", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "2", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "Return flight from LHR T5 to Washington Dulles (IAD) in Club World. Check in was fine, even if the layout of the T5 check-in area isn't the most intuitive. Security was efficient. However, the BA lounge was overcrowded and noisy, with minimal service and only basic comforts. Outbound flight on the A380. Boarding was rather chaotic, due to the gate area being too small for such a large passenger compliment, but the flight did push back on-time. The Club World cabin on the upper deck could best be described as grey and functional. It was reasonably clean if not spotless, but despite being a relatively new aircraft it did feel slightly shabby already. The Club World seat, which was forward facing and on the aisle, was comfortable enough. The entertainment screen was rather small and the choice of movies wasn't terribly extensive but everything apart from the in-seat USB power socket was working. The general layout of the cabin was terrible. Not only do window seat and middle row passengers have to step over the legs of aisle seat passengers to get to and from their seats, but when the privacy screen between seats is lowered for take-off, landing and during meal services you find yourself staring rather disconcertingly close up into your neighbours face. It makes everything feel cramped and cheap. Meals were fine and the crew were polite and efficient. Overall I'd rate the outbound experience as 'Okay' for a business class flight. Return flight experience was far from okay. My flight, departing IAD at 10.20 pm was cancelled 6 hours prior to departure due to mechanical issues. Told that there were no Club World seats on the earlier flight out of IAD that night, which I could just about make at a push, and I would have to fly back in Economy. When I asked about the BA flight from Baltimore (BWI) an hour later I was told that yes, there were Club World seats available that evening, so I asked to be rebooked onto that flight instead. Arriving at BWI check-in I was informed that unfortunately there actually weren't any Club World seats available and I would have to fly back in World Traveller Plus. The flight from BWI to LHR T5 was on a rather old 767. The cabin interior was dated, shabby and cramped, with minimal overhead luggage storage. World Traveller Plus seats were cramped and uncomfortable with tiny entertainment screens. In-flight food was bland. The crew were efficient but not terribly friendly. Flight left and arrived on time. As a UK passport holder Immigration at T5 was quick. Baggage reclaim took longer, but bags arrived within five minutes of reaching the baggage hall.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "Charles Green"}