{"Value for money": "5", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "Los Angeles - Heathrow - Los Angeles over the holidays. Club world is a perfectly fine business product. Staff on both legs were very good, getting the job done in a polite and friendly way. Food, again, is pretty good and benefits from covering the basics well and not being overly fussy. Portion sizes not huge but I don't need the calories anyway. Plenty of drinks offered. An unexpected nice touch was when, during the outbound night flight, as the only passenger awake, a crew member popped her head over, asked if I was ok and if I would like a hot chocolate - and then went and made one. In terms of product this is not a million miles away from United business (both even have backwards-facing seats). However the BA cabin crew are in a class of their own, and it feels like they know it, which translates in to good service. United's intercontinental crews are a somewhat more eclectic group whose get-up-and-go appears to have got-up-and-gone. Just like with the 747 the upstairs on the A380 has side storage, which is useful. The upstairs front section bathrooms are also huge (and, from the front section, you can go up and down the stairs if that tickles your fancy). But downstairs is light and roomy. On return on Dec 29 I was delayed at the gate at Heathrow as staff fussed over various 'company' passengers that needed to be accommodated. These company passengers - flight crew heading off on vacation - then unluckily sat next to me in Club and behaved appallingly for 11 hours - drinking champagne constantly, loudly talking all night and demanding a running commentary on the ins-and-outs of working the A380 from every crew member that passed. They acted like children who had never been on a plane before - and their taking 'selfies' (that included me in the background!) all flight was mildly vexing. Upshot? As long as BA doesn't stiff you by putting its staff on freebie upgrades next to you, you'll enjoy club world on the A380.", "air_title": "British Airways ", "Customer_name": "A Singh"}