{"Value for money": "3", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "3", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "JFK-Frankfurt-Budapest then Vienna-Munich-JFK. Tried to book seats online after booking flight but now Lufthansa only allows seats to be booked online by paying a fee (amount depending on the seat chosen) until 23 hours prior to the flight time when online booking of remaining seats is free. First aggravation. Start was delayed 2.5-3 hours due to late arrival of aircraft at JFK- no weather problems, all other European flights left on time only this Lufthansa flight was late. The plane was a 747-8, not full, had 3 seats for myself. Food not of high quality but the service throughout was exemplary - superb. Arriving in Frankfurt of course missing connecting flight to Budapest with a 4.5 wait for next flight. Asked Lufthansa in Frankfurt if I could have use of a lounge during the long wait and was outright denied that privilege though they gave me a 10 Euro certificate for something to eat in the meantime but as we had passed customs there were no restaurants available in that area only snack bars so had a torte. Flight to Budapest was routine, sandwich and drinks. Luggage arrived timely in Budapest. Return to JFK with short flight Vienna to Munich (drinks but no snacks) - then Airbus 330 Munich to JFK which was quite cramped as to seating even on the aisle. Food barely passed muster (metal cutlery though) as Lufthansa has declined dramatically in their culinary department, but again the Flight attendants were magnificent, many drink runs and staff courtesy and organization superior to both Swissair and Austrian flown on similar routes in the last months (Austrian has the best food of the 3 airlines but being owned now by Lufthansa that too has declined considerably from a few years ago). The new 747-8 had a quieter flight than most other planes flying transatlantically. Without the inability to book seats earlier than 23 hours before each flight and the very late departure of the flight to Frankfurt from JFK I would rank Lufthansa higher than a 3 - probably an 8 despite uninteresting bland meals.", "air_title": "Lufthansa ", "Customer_name": "W Staab"}