{"Value for money": "4", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "10", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "I've flown long haul with Virgin and their Premium Economy product is excellent, but Air New Zealand's just takes it that one notch above (although it does cost slightly more, too). Firstly the seat - it's in a shell, so the seat tilts and slides rather than reclines into the space behind you. You're also angled slightly and so if you're in the outer seats you're not obliged to talk to the person next to you - it's your own personal space. I paid the extra for seats at the front of the cabin and they're well worth the upgrade - so much legroom and easy to get in and out (useful if travelling solo). The centre seats are better for couples as you can share the space. Check their website for information. The food was excellent, served on crockery with metal cutlery. You'll get your starter etc first, and wait some time for the hot meal, meanwhile your dessert is also sat in front of you being very tempting! The hot food was good although the menu options were a little unusual - both times I went for the fish as the other options (beef and chicken) contained various things I didn't care for. The service was impeccable - the staff were very friendly, except one attendant who seemed a little off, although still professional. Inflight entertainment is on a decent sized touch screen, although there is also a remote in the side of the seat. The selection was surprising - there were a large number of retro movies, rather than all the latest blockbusters (of which there were few). However this was actually quite nice as I watched a few older favourites rather than having to gamble on new choices. My favourite thing about the IFE was being able to order drinks and snacks from the screen. Just tap an option or two and it's delivered to your seat a few minutes later whilst you continue to watch your movie. All seats have USB sockets for charging and I think you can link them up to a USB drive but I didn't test this. Also charging sockets are available for your laptop. You can use a standard UK plug as well as US and some other options. The toilets! Firstly two toilets dedicated to Premium Economy - so no queuing. And they were the best - fancy wallpaper with funny fake bookshelves on it (read some of the titles) and music piped in too. Frankly I would pay the upgrade just for those! Finally when flying to the USA you are right near the front of the plane so you're off quickly and can hot foot it to immigration to hopefully beat the queues. Unless you have ridiculously high standards of what you expect from a metal tube flying through the air, I don't think you'll be disappointed.", "air_title": "Air New Zealand ", "Customer_name": "Russ Tarbox"}