{"Value for money": "1", "month": "July 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "2", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "0", "Catering": "0", "reviews": "I would first mention that I have been a fairly frequent customer of Jet Airways over the last 7 years, and generally find the company to be welcoming and efficient. This morning I flew JetKonnect 9W 2348 from LEH to Delhi. JetKonnect appears to be a low-cost arm of Jet Airways though, in my opinion, it does not seem to be very clearly differentiated from the main company in its marketing. I paid a very high fare for a one-hour flight sector in India. Despite having checked-in on-line the previous day, and arriving at the airport 2 hours before the scheduled departure time with a printed boarding pass, I had to queue for more than 45 minutes in a poorly managed, utterly chaotic check-in area. There was no separate bag drop for already checked-in passengers. On eventually reaching the check-in desk I was told that I was 7 kilos over the 15kg checked-baggage allowance and had to pay an additional INR2000 in excess baggage charges. However, I was 1kg under the 7kg cabin baggage allowance. I was invited to transfer 1kg of items from my checked luggage to my cabin baggage in order to save myself 1kg (INR300) excess baggage charge! This was hardly appropriate in the hectic environment, and it seemed a nonsense not to combine the checked-baggage and cabin-baggage weight allowance. After all, what difference does it make whether the total baggage allowance is carried as cabin or hold baggage? Given the very high fare charged by JetKonnect, the hold-baggage allowance of 15kg seemed unreasonably low compared to industry standard of 20kg or 23kg. I was transiting to an international flight on another airline at Delhi airport, and my hold-baggage was under-allowance for that flight. In order to complete the excess baggage payment I had to negotiate my way back through the security check-point to the terminal entrance where the Jet Airways ticket desk was located, and then repeat the lengthy entry security check to return to the check-in desk. After dropping my checked baggage I proceeded to a long queue at the boarding gate. On eventually reaching the boarding point I was told to go back to a hold-baggage sorting area to identify my bag before it was loaded onto the aircraft. This unusual procedure had not been advised by the check-in agent, and I saw numerous other passengers being turned back, like myself, to complete this task, which had not been explained to them. It was therefore no surprise that the departure of the flight was delayed because of hopelessly inefficient ground handling. The flight itself was entirely uneventful, but the experience at LEH airport was truly dreadful and, judging by the comments of other customers, my experience was not isolated.", "air_title": "Jet Airways ", "Customer_name": "D Cronin"}