{"Value for money": "3", "month": "February 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "7", "Staff Service": "4", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "5", "reviews": "LHR-DXB-BKK-DXB-LHR. Four flights in a A380s in a week. Service was slick and professional but there were signs of cost-cutting. Some of the meals were excellent and other mediocre. Boarding the flights was a relatively anarchic process. There were two specific problems that were drawn to my attention by the cabin crew. The first is that many of the business passengers had apparently been upgraded from economy because Emirates had overbooked the flight. This meant that the cabin crew upstairs were working extremely hard and were perhaps not quite as happy as they normally are. The second was the build quality of the A380. For instance, two of the four bathroom doors at the rear of business were faulty on a relatively new aircraft (A6-EEN) and according to the cabin crew there were quite a few other similar issues. This is, of course, not necessarily the fault of Emirates but quite a lot of passengers seem irritated when the light failed to come on it one of the bathrooms and the door failed to shut in another. It never ceases to amaze me that having been building bathrooms in aircraft for many decades manufacturers still haven't managed to work out how to design cup dispensers that allow you to take one cup at a time or tissue dispensers the release a single tissue rather than a handful. That said, the cabin crew were assiduous on all of the flights in keeping the bathrooms clean. The flatbed seat was extremely comfortable, especially with a mattress, although sitting towards the rear of the aircraft meant that there was a constant matter of closing doors from the galley. The OnAir Internet works fine for the LHR-DXB leg and enables you to download your emails (assuming no large attachments) for free because it starts charging at 10MB and even then is not overpriced. However, on the return leg it did not appear to work at all. GSM also worked at the cabin crew reminded passengers to keep their phones on silent to avoid disturbing people.", "air_title": "Emirates ", "Customer_name": "P Mercer"}