{"Value for money": "3", "month": "December 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "5", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "I flew from Melbourne to Singapore on a 777. Singapore to Delhi on the A380 and Singapore to Adelaide on the A330. In terms of seat space the oldest one ie the 777 was the most comfortable. I am 1m73 and the Airbus both felt cramped. On the other hand the inflight entertainment on the 777 was pretty poor with scarce visibility of the screen which makes it impossible to read subtitles on foreign films. The IFE on the Airbus was much better. The cabin and toilets were clean and the crew was polite and efficient on all flights. My main complaints are first with the food. I ordered a Lacto-Ovo vegetarian meal which was pretty standard. On all the outbound flights (and I'm not a fussy person) the meals were almost inedible. The other problem is that as they serve the special meals a long time ahead of the normal meals I ended up sitting in an upright position with my tray for over 90 mins, not good. On the Airbus the trays are too big for the foldable table and therefore it keeps on sliding, it's really annoying. The white wine was also not very good. My second complaint would be with the ground staff. They were particularly unhelpful at check-in in Melbourne. All I wanted was 2 seats together but they made such a big deal of it all and because I had booked under the Virgin Australia flight numbers, I couldn't check in online 48hrs prior so that wasn't my fault. Plus on the outbound we only had 1 hr transit and because the flight was delayed, we ended up having to run between the 2 terminals with no help from ground staff whatsoever so that was very poor customer service considering the delay was the airline's fault to start with. We did make our connection but it could have been handled a bit better. Overall I am disappointed and didn't find this airline to be that much better than any other ones. Not worth the extra money anyway.", "air_title": "Singapore Airlines ", "Customer_name": "Laurence Baillie"}