{"Value for money": "4", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "5", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "LHR-DXB-PER-DXB-LHR. The trip out to Perth was almost a tale of two different airlines. LHR-DXB on the A380. The Heathrow lounge is dull and there was little sign of staff. It was not made clear that boarding would be straight from the lounge. Once on board a welcome drink was proposed but never arrived. No amenities kit was offered. The plastic bags they put the headphones etc in look cheap and nasty. The much-vaunted wireless IFE controller would not unlock from its dock so not much use. 3 different cabin staff said they would deal with it but nothing was achieved. Meal service was unduly slow. No drinks served (as promised) before the end of the flight. The promised Dubai gate information on IFE channel 94 didn't materialise. Yes, it was business class but it was all very impersonal and irritating. The toilets are just by the bar area so if you are queuing you are mixed up with the bar clients - not a comfortable arrangement. DXB-PER on a B777 was totally different: perfect service and everything worked. PER-DXB the seatbelt adjuster didn't work and couldn't be fixed and they eventually cobbled something together with an extender - a bit embarrassing to be presented with that in front of other passengers. Again the IFE controller didn't work. We got to the Dubai area on schedule then had to hold for 40 minutes due to congestion. When we landed we were parked at a (very) remote stand, which meant a long bus ride to the terminal. Terminal 3 is enormous and impersonal and there was no time left to do any duty free shopping. DXB-LHR was ok. The IFE controller didn't work - again! So, all in all, I'm not that satisfied with Emirates. There seems to be a lack of attention to detail. I've flown LHR-PER once a year for the past 10 years and have used Qantas, Singapore, Malaysian and Qatar, all in business class. I'd rank Emirates at the bottom of this list. It'll be back to Qatar next year.", "air_title": "Emirates ", "Customer_name": "Powell Michael"}