{"Value for money": "5", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "10", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "5", "reviews": "Outbound LHR-DOH-MEL, return MEL-DOH-MAN. 3rd time flying Qatar business class. The Qatar lounge at LHR is incredible. Modern, well designed, comfortable with great staff and fantastic food and drinks on offer. We had a full breakfast with a couple of glasses of champagne and it was a great way to start our vacation. Our first flight from LHR was on the three class A340-600 and I was impressed. This was our first time on this aircraft type with Qatar and I was surprised how spacious it was. The angled lie flat seat was comfortable enough to get a few hours sleep. The galley is at the rear of business class so the front seats get served last. We had a couple of hours to kill in Doha before our next flight to Melbourne. This was our first time at the new Hamad airport. It was great not to have to do the long bus tour of the airport as you did at the old terminal. The business class lounge is really badly sign-posted but we found it eventually. The lounge was impressive but I think I was expecting more. Table service drinks throughout the lounge apart from one proper bar which is located upstairs. Return flights to Melbourne were on the 2 class 777. The space in business is incredible and the lie flat seats are comfortable. First time we've been given the mattresses which you now get with the usual PJs and slippers but only on night flights. I thought the mattress was a nice touch and added to the overall comfort. Our return flight from Melbourne used the Qantas business lounge which was really poor. Uncomfortable and a very poor selection of food and drink. I was glad to get out of there. Our Melbourne departure was delayed by 45 minutes and we only had a 65 minute transfer time at Doha. From my experience, great customer service comes into play when things go wrong (like flight delays) and Qatar handled things superbly. We were met as we left the aircraft with details of our transfer gate and the aircraft was held on stand for us until we arrived. Our luggage was fast tracked and I was amazed to see it on the carousel at Manchester airport. The flight to Manchester was on the smaller A330.200 but again a great aircraft (slightly older) with an angled lie flat seat. Food and beverage on all flights was to a really good standard. But what really makes Qatar stand out though is the consistently high standard of service in business class. I was really impressed with this on all our flights and their five star status really is deserved.", "air_title": "Qatar Airways ", "Customer_name": "Elton Chapman"}