{"Value for money": "4", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "7", "Staff Service": "4", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "DOH-CMB-DOH. Business Class. QR does not live up to its \"The World's Five Star Airline\" slogan on some routes. It could be three to four star service, especially as they have varying business class products (seats, IFE, etc.) in their fleet. Outbound, I carefully selected a B777-300ER when booking, but they changed that later to an older A321 that did not have lie-flat sleeper seats on this 4.5 hour night flight that was scheduled to leave DOH at 01:05. It left DOH about an hour late due to the incoming aircraft's delay, and failed to make-up the lost time when arriving in CMB. Boarding was very poor in DOH and CMB. The seats, more like premium economy products in many airlines' fleets were most uncomfortable, and the control buttons didn't respond well to make adjustments. No amenity kit was offered, and the food served was slightly above average. It was good that there were only six passengers in the 12-seat cabin on that flight, so we could spread out a bit. The two inflight staff members were very good and attentive. On the inbound flight, the B777-300ER's seating product was in complete contrast to their A321, though still not on par with the latest offerings of some of their competitors and also their own B787/A380 business class products. The service and food were similar to the outbound flight. This flight was on time. The new QR business class lounge in DOH is outstanding and amazing in terms of design and services available. The new DOH airport itself is not as good as places like Changi in Singapore, but a huge improvement over the old one. I would use QR again on this route, due to their three daily flights to CMB and their OneWorld membership that allows me to earn Avios and Tier benefits, as a Sapphire OneWorld member.", "air_title": "Qatar Airways ", "Customer_name": "B Wijesinghe"}