{"Value for money": "2", "month": "October 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "1", "Rating": "5", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "2", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "I returned economy class from the UK on a London/Singapore on an Airbus A380-800 and Singapore/Brisbane on an Airbus A330-300. The previous flights out had been great, mainly because the planes were only 3/4 full so everyone could spread out. However the flights back to Australia were jam-packed and sitting there squashed in my seat like the proverbial sardine I came to the realisation of what the airline had in mind when it purchased the A380 and it wasn't my comfort. Further, this aircraft seems to be simply a larger version of what was available before so it takes ages to board and disembark as there are so many more people. In the departure lounge, those of us in economy were forced to endure cognitive dissonance having to stand in a queue while those in Business and First class were given priority boarding. Can't these people be whisked into the aircraft, out of sight? The A330 on the Singapore/Brisbane leg seemed to be quite aged. Further it was freezing. A few things were broken (eg the lid on the rubbish bin in the toilet). This seemed a basic thing to be broken, also rather unhygienic. The sinks appeared to be stained. There does not seem to be enough toilets for the numbers of people on the plane. Economy class seating seems to be encased in metal with no padding to soften the blow. When the metal gets cold due to the freezing temperature, this metal is decidedly uncomfortable. The thin, polyester blankets supplied are barely adequate. They need to be twice as large and several times the tog rating ameliorate the cold. The things the airline boast about - food, entertainment, service - are all quite good but in the end I would be happier to spend the entire flight lying down, in silence, in darkness, with a warm blanket and perhaps a good book that I can read by the light of my iphone.", "air_title": "Singapore Airlines ", "Customer_name": "J Grey"}