{"Value for money": "4", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "Manchester-Doha sector.\u0096While boarding had to wait in the walkway leading to the aircraft door as clearing of the aircraft was in final stages of completion, unfortunately icy cold gusts of wind were funnelling into the tunnel. However, all this discomfort was easily forgotten on seeing the warm and cheerful welcome we received from the two smart cabin attendants at the doorway. As usual Qatar airways aircraft was spotlessly clean. The 2-4-2 seating of the A332 is ideal for couples who wish to have their space remain uncompromised. The seat pitch of ~32\u0094 and width of ~18\u0094 is better than many other offerings which give a claustrophobic \u0091sardine-can\u0092ambience, the cushioning is also more comfortable. The IFE has been upgraded to Touch Screen technology and the availability of Wifi is a further value addition. Service by the cabin staff was as good as ever. Flight deck crew also kept passengers updated on relevant flight parameters. Compared to my previous experience the only aspect that has slipped was the catering. On this sector breakfast and a snack were served, I had requested a low-salt diet, which was complied with in both instances, but the quality of the offerings was very average, tasteless and just warm, the quantity of the serving has also diminished since my last economy class flight. Doha - Islamabad sector. Due to foggy conditions across parts of the North Indian sub-continent the flight was delayed by some 11 hrs. Though the airlines website stipulates that passengers whose transits exceed 8 hrs would be provided hotel accommodation commensurate with their class of travel, they were unable to do so in many a case as the airport hotel had been totally booked, they did, however provide meal vouchers and make the \u0091quiet rooms available to the stranded passengers, which, I feel, did alleviate their plight to some degree. The flight left on time according to the new delayed schedule, and service on board was as good as always, cabin crew were very pleasant and helpful throughout, catering quality/quantity somewhat less than previous experiences, but quite acceptable. The aircraft was well maintained and the as clean and tidy as I have always experienced with Qatar Airways.", "air_title": "Qatar Airways ", "Customer_name": "M Khan"}