{"Value for money": "4", "month": "August 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "Flew outward BCN-SIN via Milan, as part of a MAD-KUL journey. For reasons we still can't understand, at check-in in at MAD, Air Europa checked our bags through to SIN only, and couldn't issue boarding passes beyond BCN. We had to check in again at BCN, which proved a blessing in disguise as SIA impressed us by, unprompted, noting that our bags weren't checked through to KL and organising that for us. Flight was on time and reasonably comfortable (on 777), crew handled some noisy adjacent passengers well, by taking time to circle the cabin rather than going to them directly with our complaint. Food was OK; although obviously partly serviced from Milan, with some uninspiring Italian products. Drinks came with good frequency, although self-service option overnight, especially for water, might be better. Back SIN-LHR on A380. Again check-in staff did well, readily changing our seat allocation to what we preferred. Flight delayed, mostly by re-routing, 75 minutes, causing some stress over connections in London - no information offered on those at all. Service OK, with choice of three meals (against only two outbound). Breakfast could do with better bakery selection, but hot choices both OK. Strange that, despite the one hour delay, it was offered a good 2.5 hours before arrival (ie 3.30 in the morning, London time), and in a vary patchy fashion with different parts of the cabin served seemingly at random. IFE worked OK on both flights, lots of channels, although not everything on them appears on the menus which is confusing. Wifi offered on A380, but pay as you go, so no experience of that. In all, entirely satisfactory product, but not outstanding or memorable, although customer care at check-in was well beyond usual experience.", "air_title": "Singapore Airlines ", "Customer_name": "Brian Smith"}