{"Value for money": "3", "month": "August 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "1", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "23 July - Jakarta - Singapore - Paris (AF) - Amsterdam (KLM) Premium Economy was fine. However, the return journey AF 0254, 5th August 2014 - Premium Economy Paris - Singapore - Jakarta was extremely disappointing, frustrating and uncomfortable. Despite several attempts before leaving Jakarta to check-in online and select seats, and again prior to our return flight, this was not possible (yet online check-in from Jakarta - Paris was no problem). Seat allocation on check-in at Amsterdam Schiphol noted 'SBY' having been allocated by Air France. We presented to 'Customer Service' CDG to be told seats cannot be allocated until close of the boarding gate because 'standby' had been allocated - why? we booked our flights in May 2014! At the Gate we were told to wait until boarding was called, that we would be on the flight and they were hoping to upgrade us. When we re-presented as advised, we were told an upgrade wasn't possible, but we 'could' be allocated separated premium economy seats - for a couple married 36 years on a 17 hour flight - this is unacceptable! No-one was able to do anything - the ground staff person was surprised we were unhappy, and said an upgrade was not promised. The flight crew re-allocated us seats together but then an unhappy traveller arrived to find one of us in his seat - embarrassing for us and for him. This gentleman did agree to being re-seated. Anticipating a problem for the final leg of out journey (Singapore- Jakarta) we asked the cabin crew who shrugged and said yes there would be a problem; the ground staff in the Transfer area said the plane is full and no it was not possible for us to sit together. This is a short flight, so no real issue - however my husband had an empty seat beside him, so he asked and I was invited to move - but no- one actually considered this! In fact there were at least 3 empty seats in Premium Economy - it seems that neither the ground staff nor the flight attendants have any idea of the seating on board their flight. We have traveled to Europe Asia and Australia every year, often more than once a year for the past 11 years. We will not travel with an airline that does not care about what is important to us!", "air_title": "Air France ", "Customer_name": "David Seeto"}