{"Value for money": "5", "month": "December 2014", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "LAX-CDG. After reading so many bad reviews for the AF Premium Economy product I was eager to try it out for myself. If you are like me the thing you hate most about economy is having the person in front of you recline all the way in your lap for the duration of an 11 hour flight. So with that said having shell style seats is very exciting even if they don't recline in the traditional sense. Upon entering the A380 PE economy cabin I could tell right away I would enjoy the experience. The dedicated cabin is small and cozy and the seat itself has tons of room compared to any economy seat. Do not listen to the reviews on here that say the seats are cramped because it's just not true. I have long gangley legs and I could stretch them all the way out to the foot rest under the seat in front of me. It's basically a mini business class seat and compared to other premium economy products out there that cost twice as much (Virgin Atlantic) it is well worth the price of admission. I feel like a lot of the negativity comes from people who expect business class for the extra money they are paying even though it's a quarter of the price. The food is nothing special and I agree that the bottom portion of the seat could use some extra padding. Service was great and the stewards came immediately after pushing the call button. As for the non traditional recline of the seat I found it more comfortable then the normal seat back, legs sitting position of economy. The trick is to make sure you extend the calf rest and foot rest so your body is being supported in the diagonal position. Again I feel like other fliers are either use to their economy habitat and or expect lay flat seats that they didn't pay for. As I said before, not having the person in front of you laying in your lap the entire flight is heaven on earth which is still a problem on many PE products. Please take it from me, a rational, realistic aviation aficionado. I speak the truth in all my reviews and would not hesitate to let you know my dissatisfaction if there were any.", "air_title": "Air France ", "Customer_name": "J Miles"}