{"Value for money": "4", "month": "August 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "7", "Staff Service": "4", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "6 flights in July. Auckland - Singapore, SGN-BKK, Da Nang - SGN. SGN - Cebu. Cebu - SGN, and SGN-AKL. All were full. At least 3 were late to varying degrees. On at least one occasion I suspect the delay was not due to congestion at Da Nang for goodness sake but due to late arrival. Only the first flight seemed a bit superior. That seemed to me to be small differences eg - a decent filled roll as a snack but mainly the staff worked hard all the time and seemed to have a service ethic. The food well - Take the coffee cup, the wine glass, the tub of water and the roll off the tray and really you are not left with much. Surprisingly the food on the SIN - BKK flight at 1600 hours was much the same as on a long flight. However usually it was a dry entree or a few small pieces of fruit plus in effect a snack box sized meal. The Cebu - SGN flight arriving at around 2030 about 1.5 hours late offered a snack box with 3 small cubes of chicken and a cm deep flavoured rice and perhaps a piece of broccoli - most children eat more. Spirits were not offered on the longer flights although they were available out of view, nor wine top ups. A beer amounted to perhaps 80 mls that is 4 pours to the can. A little generosity goes a long way as does the impression of parsimony. Overall much the same as other airlines. The best food was on a Vietnam Air 1.25 hour flight where they managed to serve and clear a good meal. Although Singapore seemed to cope with routine, any variation seemed to cause problems. One confirmed flight was rescheduled and a second rescheduled to another with a stopover making it two hours longer. Both were weeks in advance. I don't believe either flight was in fact rescheduled rather I was bumped. In the latter case although I was notified of a rescheduling it was much later that I noticed it was in fact a route change. On the return flight, which had been altered some months before, I had paid for a preferred seat. This was confirmed that I had the same seat. However in fact on the day I was given a non-preferred seat in the centre. This was drawn to the cabin crews\u0092attention and they informed me they would and did inform the appropriate department as if that helped me at the time. Three weeks later no response. A refund would not even compensate for the relative discomfort. Had that seat not been available I would have taken the day flight on the un-refurbished plane they left us with for a year until they introduce a new plane.", "air_title": "Singapore Airlines ", "Customer_name": "C Gilbert"}