{"Value for money": "2", "month": "October 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "3", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "2", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "August 9th, CDG-YUL on an older B747/400. This review is actually a continuation of my journey from CGK-SIN-CDG submitted in my earlier review. I am submitting this review separately due to the largely different journey experience. Once we boarded our flight we were told that our flight would be delayed due to a surprise inspection from the French Civil Aviation Authority. We were initially told the departure would be delayed by an hour. This was followed by an announcement that the inspection uncovered a technical problem and that we would have to deplane and change aircraft. We received meal vouchers to tide us over. We eventually departed 4 hours late for Montreal but were all glad to be finally on our way. Once on board I was approached by the flight attendant and asked to confirm that I had ordered a special meal. I was looking forward to my Indian meal especially since the meal from the previous flight from SIN had been so good. Instead I received a meal of \"Alaskan Pollack With A Leek Cream Sauce\", which had nothing to do with Indian food. When I mentioned this to the flight attendant her response was merely to say that she was also surprised to see this meal served as an Indian meal. After having eaten the presented meal the same flight attendant returned to me and asked me if I was satisfied with my meal. I politely answered that I wasn't satisfied because it wasn't what I ordered and expected. On the same flight I encountered a flight attendant with completely an opposite attitude who was very helpful in supplying me with ice packs to keep my insulin chilled since they were forbidden from storing my insulin in their on board chillers. This is probably why many passengers speak highly of Asian airline flight crews and often express positive comments about Asian service standards and service attitude. When was the last time a North American or European based airline won the Skytrax cabin crew of the year award?", "air_title": "Air France ", "Customer_name": "Stephen Gervais"}