{"Value for money": "4", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "8", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "5", "reviews": "RUH-DXB-MRU and back. Aug 15 RUH-DXB left Riyadh on time at 9.25 pm on a 777-300 ER. Service was excellent and the staff were kind! There were a few food choices (it was a short 1.5 hr flight) and I think it was Chicken Biriani or Fish. I had the Biriani and it was excellent (but spicy!). The IFE was very good and kept me entertained. We arrived to Dubai and they gave us fast track cards but we didn't need that since we were transiting in DXB for about 3 hrs. DXB was very busy and noisy. Arrived to the lounge and it was packed with barely anywhere to sit! Finally found a place near the buffet but it was pretty noisy. Our flight to MRU left at 3.10am (on the 16th and again on time so EK are pretty good at being on schedule) on an A380. It was a pretty nice plane but I had a few problems with the cabin and seat. The mini bar on the left (or right depends on where you're sitting) of the seat is pretty bulky and makes the seat more narrow and quite uncomfortable to sleep as it's quite tight (but it was a flat bed so I'll give it points for that). Another problem was that the cabin for Business was huge! It barely felt like Business from the amount of seats in the cabin! I sat in the smaller cabin on the back so I didn't have the problem that much and it didn't affect the service of the staff but it makes Business less premium. Once again the IFE and food service were excellent. For the lounge in the back of the deck I really enjoyed that! On the return flight I left MRU in the evening so I didn't have to sleep on that flight (and it was pretty much the same thing but the cabin was much busier). I didn't go to the lounge in the DXB layover since it was from 12.00 am to about 7:00 am and I took a room in the airport hotel. The DXB-RUH flight was normal but the IFE was more outdated. I would say it was pretty good but there were a few flaws with the A380.", "air_title": "Emirates ", "Customer_name": "A Thenayan"}