{"Value for money": "3", "month": "February 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "5", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "The ground and ticket staff in New York (JFK) were polite, professional and accommodating. I had taken an early morning flight (11 am) during the middle of the week (Tuesday). The 1st class was empty and pretty much had the upper deck to business class passengers. The flight entertainment ICE was fine however I need help from the stewardess/hostess to show who the things work. The food and wine selection were fantastic since there were about 30 staff handling 15 passengers in the 1st and business class area. Note: there were less passengers than the attendants. The flight was pleasant and the arrival at Dubai was on time 12 hours later. The DXB airport is huge for Airbus A380 fleets and the arrivals were just picking up. The business traveler lounge area was undergoing renovation and the noises were loud and jarring. When requested a different area (there was a separate area for 1st class passengers) was refused politely. Upon completion of the business activities, the return back to New York JFK was on booked on Saturday late evening from Dubai DXB. During the return journey which was on a weekend, the business class lounge area was overrun with passengers from connecting flights. Our flight was delayed due to connecting passengers from other Emirates flights who in turn were delayed. There were many people standing to take seats vacated by other passengers. Reminded me of New York subway and Long Island Rail trains! The New York JFK bound Sunday flight was fully booked and packed to the brim across all the three classes, 1st, business and economy. The problem was compounded by delayed flight arrivals/departures which overwhelmed the all classes of passengers. The airline staff who could not help the over crowding, could not explain the flight departures arrival delays to irate passengers. With 90 minutes (1.5 hours) delayed departure, most passengers hunkered down into their seats and slept for 10 hours of the 14 hour flight from Dubai to JFK New York. Most passengers were at end of the limits that they skipped the dinner. If you slept, you didn't get fed. Most if not all settled for a hearty American breakfast in the morning. Airplane staff were polite and smiling and handled the high passengers volumes exceptionally well. Conclusion; I would recommend to my fellow business travelers to fly Emirates. If you would like to avoid the fully crowded flights, the recommended flights are during the middle of the week when the passenger volumes are low.", "air_title": "Emirates ", "Customer_name": "Kitt Manis"}