{"Value for money": "3", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "3", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "5", "reviews": "LAX-NRT-SIN with no ground customer service to be found anywhere. The usually short refuelling stop in NRT became an overnight 17 hr delay due to Engine problems. Singapore Airlines held us on the plane for over 4 hrs and insisted on serving us the inflight dinner rather than let the passengers disembark. The hotel provided for Economy class was (Nikko Narita) was rather on the run-down side. First and Business where hosted at the local Hilton and another hotel (Did not catch the name). We had a connection to MDC the next morning in Singapore which we missed. That connection only flies every other day, so that we had to stay two days in Singapore over Christmas rather than on our vacation. The biggest problem was that no-one on the phone or the ground staff in NRT could provide us with a new itinerary to our destination. To add insult to injury, the first phone representative insisted that my flight had taken off as planned even though I had called almost 3 hrs after the delay started. The second one was even worse in first refusing to help at all as he claimed I had deviated from my booked LAX-SIN itinerary. It was only after some complaining that he finally realized that NRT is indeed on the route. Not that he had any further information to offer after that other than saying I would get more information in Singapore. Once finally in Singapore, the representative at the gate who was supposed to have our onward information did not and had us wait for another length of time at the transfer desk in Singapore. There, finally, I was handed the boarding passes to our final destination and hotel vouchers. I am Executive Platinum with American Airlines and have seen my fair share of breakdowns and delays. However, without fail an AA representative on the phone has been able to give me my new route/times within minutes of the official announcement of the delay. Onboard service on Singapore Airlines is certainly better than on AA. That said, I will gladly trade in a bit of comfort for the knowledge that I am being taken care in a timely manner if something does not go to plan.", "air_title": "Singapore Airlines ", "Customer_name": "S Lucato"}