{"Value for money": "4", "month": "February 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "6", "Staff Service": "4", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "I flew Qatar last month multiple times, DFW-DOH-IKA-DOH-MED, JED-DOH-IKA-DOH-DFW. Have to say I agree with one of the previous reviews regarding staff behavior change as soon as they see a business or first class ticket. Had to change my boarding pass in Dallas, while staying in the line, the staff were really inattentive and not caring. As soon as I handed over my boarding pass, all of the sudden the attitude changed, and maybe apologized 4-5 times for making me wait in the line! Flight attendants are nice. Very polite, some happier than others, but overall very attentive. The food selection was not appealing to my taste but good specially if you are a fan of middle eastern and Indian types of food. Drink selections were really good. The meals are served a la cart. Has its own cons and pros. It is good to have the option of having what you want when you want. However, can be bothersome in a sense, specially when the cabin lights are turned off and are trying to get some sleep and the passenger next to you is trying to eat. Overall more satisfied with the short haul business class flights compare to long haul. Seats are very comfortable and wide. Plenty of legroom. I would be happy if the seat had a little separator/divider to give a little more privacy while sleeping, specially if the passenger next to you chooses to read, watch TV or eat. Doha airport is huge. Not the best airport for short layovers. Make sure you have at lease 90 minutes between two flight. I had 50 minutes and missed my flight. If everything goes well and right on schedule, 50 minutes would have been enough, but can be too short if your flight is delayed even 5 minutes and plane is not parked at a jetway and passengers are taken to the airport by the bus and so on. Airport staff are nice. Some are really helpful, some not much, I guess like anywhere else. The lounge is huge. Very contemporary decor. Not many food or drink options in the main sitting area. Two restaurants which can be very over crowded. Restrooms are very insufficient.", "air_title": "Qatar Airways ", "Customer_name": "B Ghannadian"}