{"Value for money": "3", "month": "November 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "4", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "LA to Amsterdam via KLM and yesterday, October 21, 2014, returned from Paris to LA on their partner, Air France [AF]. I received an email ahead of time from AF regarding online check in only to be informed I needed a visa or green card and could not check in except at the airport. We arrived 3 hours ahead of departure time, went to obtain boarding passes and check in our one bag each only to find it was all done electronically. There were long lines in front of each machine with much confusion and unfamiliarity with the how to navigate the process. One in front of us took at least 10 minutes to complete the process. After 25 minutes, we entered another long line to drop off our check in bags which took another 15-20 minutes. At no point were our carry-on bags weighed as they were with KLM. We then walked about 10 minutes to enter the longest line yet which was for passport control and after few minutes were \u0093randomly\u0094 selected to go to another line for carry on weight and size control. We observed bags being shoved into a steel frame for sizing. Additionally, they added purses and shoulder bags to the total weight calculation which easily put most over the limit of 12 kg. The handlers then slapped a large red AF tag on the bag, marked up the boarding pass and sent us back to the baggage area. We returned to the baggage area and discovered the fee for each bag was 70 Euros, about $100. When we explained this could have been avoided if our carry-ons were weighed at the same time as our check in as we could have redistributed some items. In the end we had to check in one additional bag. We arrived at our gate as the plane was boarding. While doing so, we observed many passengers with 3 carryon bags. We learned many lessons not the least of which is we will not fly AF again.", "air_title": "Air France ", "Customer_name": "Blake Brown"}