{"Value for money": "5", "month": "March 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "4", "Rating": "5", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "3", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "I flew BRU-DOH-DXB and back. Even though the leg DOH-DXB is rated as first class, I sub-summarize it as a business class trip, because the cabin product is the same. The cabin and the seat are very comfortable, nothing to complain. But the service level in general is very low. Starting by the performance of the cabin crew in business class: very hectic, not really attentive. They don't use trolleys in business class, they serve every guest individually from the galley. This leads to a very hectic atmosphere in the cabin, because the crew has to walk a lot. They miss having any grace whilst serving, it seems the invention of a service tray has been totally ignored. They bring your plate with bare hands from the galley, when they realised that they forgot a spoon and knife, they came back holding the spoon in one hand and the knife in the other, instead of putting in on a tray and serving it nicely. On the short trip from Doha to Dubai, this one-after-another type of service lead to the fact that the last business class row was served only 5 minutes prior to the start of the descent, so the poor people could not even finish their meal. But the worst I had to experience was the check-in in Dubai: there was one counter for first and business class passengers, and one counter for status members. Both lines totally overcrowded, and the check-in procedure went on really slow. After waiting for more than 30 min., some of the first class passengers tried to move to the so called \"help desk\" to ask for check-in there. Suddenly a Qatar airways representative appeared and yelled at them they should go back to their line. I waited more than 50 minutes until I could check- in. The \"first-class\" lounge of Qatar airways is very small, and old and was totally overcrowded. Not the way I want to be treated as a first or business class passenger. I think they have to do first a lot of improvement in their service level until they can compete with airlines such as Singapore Airlines.", "air_title": "Qatar Airways ", "Customer_name": "P Herrmann"}