{"Value for money": "2", "month": "May 2014", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "4", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "I was very disappointed by the Singapore Airlines business class travel experienced recently. My partner and I flew from Australia to Europe and back with Singapore Airlines, three sectors on the A380 and one on a B777. Surprisingly, the B777 provided the more comfortable experience despite the lack of a fully flat bed. The seats on the A380 are extremely wide (which was the initial draw card and the reason for spending $1500 more than for Cathay Pacific), but you have to sit in them diagonally to reach the foot rest - this was comfortable for about 5 minutes. The beds in the fully flat position are quite comfortable, but unlike other business class seats, there is no smooth transition from sitting to lying - you are required to 'make' the bed. When in the bed position, there is no comfortable backrest to allow you to sit comfortably - hence the large number of business travellers seen sitting cross-legged in bed throughout the flight! Furthermore, the seats are leather, but are very worn, sometimes damaged, and the headrests do not stay in position. There are no individual amenities kits (just an eye mask and some slippers) - a selection of items are available in the toilet cubicles. There are no pyjamas as on some other airlines. The service was highly variable. The worst sector by far was from Singapore to Heathrow. The staff were anything but attentive, the bathrooms were unclean, and food was dreadful. Garlic bread was cold and rock hard, and the \"Book the Cook\" proved to be extremely disappointing. The lobster thermidore was a complete let-down, and looked nothing like the pictures posted online by the airline and other travellers. The nut-encrusted veal was unfortunately the toughest and coldest piece of meal I have had on a flight, and the \"crust\" was more like a soggy coating. That said, the meals that were not pre-ordered were generally of very high quality. The entertainment system was excellent. Having previous travelled in Business Class with Qantas and Cathay Pacific, I would not hesitate to return to these two in preference to Singapore Airlines in future.", "air_title": "Singapore Airlines ", "Customer_name": "A Moffatt"}