{"Value for money": "5", "month": "February 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "9", "Staff Service": "5", "Entertainment": "5", "Catering": "4", "reviews": "Flew LHR-DOH-DAC. The trip started at the Qatar Business lounge at T4. I thought the lounge was excellent. Food, service, comfort all first rate. The first flight was on an A319 all business class. The plane feels very exclusive and the level of service and attention was superb. However as a solo traveller, I would opt for a different aircraft if possible which allows every passenger direct aisle access. Saying that I sat on the aisle and my neighbour sitting at the window never woke me up getting to the loo. The food was the best I have experienced on a flight. The food I had, particularly the main course - lamb with couscous were superb. The flight departed and arrived an hour late, but on this occasion this was no problem as I had quite a long layover at Doha. The plane parked on a remote stand and we were bussed on a limo-coach type of coach. It was equipped with 12 spacious sofas. There was no queue at the transit security, they x-rayed our bags and I was through to the Al Mourjan lounge within minutes. The lounge is huge with plenty of space to sit, I found a sofa to lie down for a few hours before taking a shower and having lunch at the upstairs restaurant. This was a buffet affair rather than cook to order at LHR. Overall I cant knock the lounge it was lovely, but I much preferred the LHR lounge, it felt more exclusive and the food offering was much better. Unfortunately my flight was delayed by +2 hours and ended up eating again at the lounge. I tried the downstairs restaurant but it only served cold food so returned to the upstairs restaurant. I departed from gate A8 which took about 10 minutes to get to. Amazingly I was the only passenger in Business Class, there are 30 seats in the Business cabin of the A330-300 and it was weird having 29 empty seats and 5 FAs to look after me. I had a glass of excellent Billicart Salmon Brut champagne as a pre-flight drink, then a fabulous St Clair Sav Blanc with my meal. I chose the mushroom and basil oil soup followed by a rump of lamb. I was too full for a any dessert, The food was not as good as the first flight and as expected for a 4 hour flight it was a three course meal rather than a seven course banquet. We arrived just after 2am and I was through immigration in no time. Mainly as there were so few passengers requiring to complete visa on arrival. The hotel had arranged for a fixer to collect me and deliver me to the car pick up point where the hotel mini-van was there to collect me.", "air_title": "Qatar Airways ", "Customer_name": "Alan Wan"}