{"Value for money": "1", "month": "February 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "1", "Staff Service": "1", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "2", "reviews": "BHX-CMB via Dubai. First and last flights with Emirates. I thought they had a reputation for excellent service but unfortunately in my experience this was not the case. A delayed departure and fog at Dubai meant a late arrival. The biz cabin was not very clean, with a stained seat and debris in the drinks holders. The staff appeared disinterested and we were not offered a welcome drink. Thankfully the lie (almost) flat seat was comfortable and the cabin cool so got a decent sleep. The window blind wouldn't shut so woken by dawn over the desert not long before arrival although we were then stacked because of the fog. Huge comms failures at Dubai trying to get a rearranged flight to Colombo. The biz lounge staff couldn't help us, so we joined a slow line at the help desk to be told to run to the gate as the new flight was boarding. When we got there, the boarding flight was to China! We returned to the desk and also mentioned we had now economy tickets but had been booked in biz. They were unable to help, although interestingly the 6 other members of our party had received new boarding passes issued in the biz lounge! Advised that we would get a downgrade voucher (not refund) at gate but the clerk could not do this and advised we would receive it in Colombo. I said this was not acceptable as we did not want to fly Emirates again. They could also not guarantee our re-entry into the biz lounge as the passes said economy! We just walked in anyway! The flight to Colombo was routed via Male, lovely apart from the stop and 1.5hrs on the Tarmac meant I missed my pre-conference meeting. At least they left the IFE playing! My colleagues advised the biz cabin had lots of space from Male to Colombo but we were not offered to move. On arrival in Colombo there was no record of the downgrade voucher. On discussing this with the ground staff they said it would be available when I checked in for my return flight. Why do I not believe him? Why would I want a voucher when I will not fly with them again for this terrible service? Ironically my original connection was late leaving and as I only had hand baggage and can run, I could easily have made it for that departure. Terrible start to my conference and will not allow me to relax during my week's holiday after when I know I've got to repeat the trip in reverse!", "air_title": "Emirates ", "Customer_name": "L Stewart"}