{"Value for money": "4", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "yes", "Seat Comfort": "5", "Rating": "6", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "QR708, IAD-DOH. Seat 3K. Not sure what happened to QR this evening, but from the start it is not what one expects from this carrier. My last four trips with QR, including this one, have entailed lengthy business class check-in waits at IAD. Why can't QR at IAD have enough dedicated business class check-in counters to manage the flow of checking-in passengers in a way that prioritizes high yield customers? Waiting 30 minutes to check-in from the business class line, while watching economy class passengers, who arrived well after me, breeze up to the counter, is just not acceptable. QR needs to look at this seriously. This isn't the first time I've encountered this while checking in for this flight at IAD. The flight left early. Turbulence early on delayed the dinner service. However, once it started, the left aisle of the business cabin was on to their second course before passengers on the right aisle even had a drink. The purser should ensure consistency throughout the cabin. The FA working in my aisle asked if she could clear my service items before I'd even been served the main course. I informed her that I hadn't had dinner yet. When ordering appetizers, I was told that one of my appetizer selections might not be available as many other passengers had ordered the same thing. Really? The business cabin is not full and I'm in row 3. My main course for the dinner, a lamb shank with root vegetables, was entirely under-whelming. When put in front of me, the sauces were congealed. Once I started to eat it, it was only tepidly warm. The purser came around and asked me how my meal was and I told her it was not hot and that it looked like it had been sitting for a while. I got a nice smile and an I'm sorry, Sir, but no offer to have it re-heated or replaced. What particularly irked me was that just minutes after take-off the purser went around the cabin summarily closing everyone's window shades. A hand appeared from the row behind me to close the window that I was looking out of at that moment admiring the night time view of New York. There's lots of time remaining just after take off on a night-time transatlantic flight for FAs to go around the cabin and discretely close the window shades before sunrise. Believe it or not, some passengers may want to see the night-time lights of New York, Boston, Halifax or St. John's. If they want to close all the shades early on in the flight, they can, at the least, ask passengers if they want their shades drawn, rather than just briskly, machine-like marching around the cabin closing them. Passengers typically chose window seats for a reason. Sorry QR, not one of your better days.", "air_title": "Qatar Airways ", "Customer_name": "M LaPrairie"}