{"Value for money": "3", "month": "April 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "7", "Staff Service": "3", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "My wife and I flew return business class from Toronto to Bangkok via Dubai. The Toronto to Dubai leg on a newer A380 provided excellent cabin service and food with the exception of the hot breakfast which was well below par. Upon arrival in Dubai we found The business class lounges to be very comfortable providing a good selection of food, beverages and reading materials. The Dubai A380 leg went smoothly except for that hot breakfast again which once again proved inedible. The return flight A380 from Bangkok to Dubai was on an older series A380 and was a lot less comfortable due to a built in footrest which prevented me from stretching out my legs. I found this to be very debilitating as I have a bad knee and I was very uncomfortable unless I put the seat into the flat bed position. The Dubai - Toronto return leg was once again on a newer A380 and provided more comfort than the older A380. I still had not learned from my earlier hot breakfast experiences and fell for it a third time. This was by far the worst of all the three breakfasts and I took it upon myself to complain about the poached eggs that had the consistency of hockey pucks. The cabin crew were very apologetic and acknowledged that it was an ongoing issue. Overall the Emirates business class experience was expensive, mainly pleasant but could be significantly improved. The chauffeur service was excellent, however, everything else isn't where it needs to be yet in order for me to stop shopping around for alternatives. My comments and suggestions are listed below. Business class seats are narrow and uncomfortable, especially seats F & G which are only separated by an armrest. I was travelling with my wife so we didn't need to use the privacy screen which rises vertically from the armrest. Unfortunately, even when it is not in use it still protrudes vertically from the armrest by approximately 9\" preventing use of the armrest for it's intended purpose, or even holding hands with your significant other if so inclined. In business class the lounge, 4 washrooms, galley and stairs to the lower level are all at the rear of the aircraft. This can make for a very busy area particularly with cabin crews comings and goings. It also makes for a very long walk to the washroom if you are seated near the front of the business class section. Kudos to the cabin crew as they delivered all food on trays without resorting to the use of trolleys which would obviously restrict passenger movement and clog up the aisles. Having said that, requests for individual items can be met by comments such as \"I'll be back in a minute\". When I mentioned to a member of the flight crew that the flight tracker program wasn't working during the Toronto return leg it was just met by a shrug of shoulders and no explanation? My biggest beef regarding my first Emirates experience is that we never once saw the plane's purser (cabin manager) on any flight as they never appeared from behind the curtain that separates first and business classes.", "air_title": "Emirates ", "Customer_name": "McGuinness Kenneth Patrick"}