{"Value for money": "2", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "3", "Rating": "5", "Staff Service": "1", "Entertainment": "4", "Catering": "3", "reviews": "Last October I flew from Amsterdam to Jakarta, through Dubai. I was excited to fly the A380. However my excitement quickly turned into disappointment after experiencing the absolute crankiness of the cabin crew. Although never really rude the flight stewardesses were pretty much all very short almost 'bitchy' and only busy with themselves. Their body language and facial expressions were often as if they'd rather be somewhere else and as if were a constant nuisance. The A380 (AMS-DUB) itself is a very nice plane, spacious and modern. The onboard entertainment was pretty good and the extra touch were the cameras outside the plane so you could watch the outside surroundings from your screen in front of you. Between Dubai and Jakarta they use a Boeing 777. Another disappointment! The plane on the inside was old, seats smelled and looked like they definitely could use new fabrics. The entertainment screen was small and old (my 3 year old tablet has a better screen than that onboard the 777 of Emirates), supposedly touch screen it worked horribly even with the remote control device. Different plane and different crew but not a different mentality of the crew. From Jakarta to Dubai we flew again with the 777. Same complaints as on the way to Jakarta and on top of that when we arrived 5am in Dubai we had to get out of the plane far from the terminal building. We had to use stairs to get out and clearly the stairs weren't designed to handle such a large plane since there was quite the difference in height between the stairs and the exit door of the plane. When I asked the crew why we didn't taxi to the terminal the reply was \"there is no available gate\". This is the home base of Emirates and there is no place for its own planes? From the runway we had to take a shuttle bus to the terminal which took about 20 to 30 minutes. From there it was very confusing where to go once inside the terminal building. For my girlfriend and I this was the first and last time we used Emirates.", "air_title": "Emirates ", "Customer_name": "Remco Poortvliet"}