{"Value for money": "2", "month": "January 2015", "Recommended": "no", "Seat Comfort": "2", "Rating": "1", "Staff Service": "2", "Entertainment": "1", "Catering": "1", "reviews": "YUL-CDG-BKK/CDG-YUL: I have never before encountered service as consistently poor, and an inflight experience as negative as I did on my recent AF Flights. Nor did I think that a major airline in Europe could make US carriers look good in comparison. All of the AF equipment was distinguished by its tattiness, uncomfortable seats, dirt and an unpleasant cabin ambience. Positively, the worst IFE I have experienced in the past 20+ years. The fact that Air France serves instant coffee sums up the quality of food service. I made the mistake of thinking that if cappuccino was on offer, that it would be real. Instead, I was treated to chunks of undissolved mix. Decent wine selection, but that was it. One meal consisted of a sort of lamb dish. It was so overcooked it had gone to mush with what I presumed had once been vegetables. The dominant ingredient was salt. That was typical of the AF meal service. Checkin for flights at AF staffed desks was an unpleasant experience. The one dominant characteristic of most AF personnel encountered, was rudeness and a disdain for the customer, despite my speaking to personnel in French. On my last flight, I was sent between 2 different terminals twice, wasting 90 minutes on the shuttle bus doing the circuit of CDG. One clerk at the lounge in 2E-M sent me back to 2L, while another sent me back to 2E-M, with the monitors showing a different gate and then not showing anything. Finally once at the correct gate at 2E-M, passengers were packed on to a crowded shuttle bus and brought back to 2L. Something isn't right at Air France. If one flies some of the better airlines like EVA, Cathay, or even Air Canada, one quickly sees the differences. Air France does not give one the same confidence as they do, and I felt that there was a lack of professionalism. I strongly recommend against using this airline until it sorts itself, which I expect will take some time.", "air_title": "Air France ", "Customer_name": "P Rubenstein"}